changelog: render CDN-hosted bundles in the {changelog} directive (#3436)
elastic/docs-builder: docs/syntax/changelog.md

Both explicit and auto-discovered paths must resolve within the repository checkout directory and must not traverse symlinks.

#### `:cdn:` [cdn]

Sources bundles for a single **product** from the public changelog CDN instead of a local folder, so a docset can render release notes without vendoring bundle YAML.

```markdown
:::{changelog}
:cdn: elasticsearch
:::
```

> The value names the product (must match `[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+`) and maps to `{product}/registry.json` plus the bundles it lists on the CDN. The value is **optional**: leave it blank to infer the product from the repository that holds the doc (the common case where the repository name is the product id, for example the `elasticsearch` repo renders the `elasticsearch` product).

Reviewer: > The value names the product (must match `[a-zA-Z0-9_-]+`) 

My assumption is that it must also match a valid value from https://github.com/elastic/docs-builder/blob/main/config/products.yml Is that correct? If so, IMO that should be mentioned here too.

```markdown
:::{changelog}
:cdn:
:::
```

> Inference only works for repositories whose name matches the product id. Repositories that publish multiple products (for example `cloud`, which publishes `cloud-hosted`, `cloud-serverless`, and `cloud-enterprise`) must name the product explicitly; if a product cannot be inferred the block emits an error. When `:cdn:` is set, the local-folder argument is ignored. All other options (`:type:`, `:link-visibility:`, `:description-visibility:`, `:dropdowns:`, `:subsections:`) and `hide-features` apply identically to CDN-sourced bundles.

Reviewer: IMO we should use public repos in the example
```suggestion
Inference only works for repositories whose name matches the product ID. For example, the `cloud-serverless` product release notes are published from the `docs-content` repo and therefore must specify the product explicitly. If a product cannot be inferred the block emits an error. When `:cdn:` is set, the local-folder argument is ignored. All other options (`:type:`, `:link-visibility:`, `:description-visibility:`, `:dropdowns:`, `:subsections:`) and `hide-features` apply identically to CDN-sourced bundles.
```
